Qualifications and Skills

A minimum of 5 years work experience in the Web Development Environment using the following technologies is highly desirable.

Java (Spring Boot Framework)

Hibernate

PostgresSQL

Solr

Machine Learning

AWS

Unix

Shell Scripting

You will instantly be a key part of our fast growing team and we will welcome your ideas on how to optimize our solutions based on the latest technologies. Our goal is to make a world class solution and your skills will make that possible.

Your Responsibilities Core Skills: 
Responsible for the delivery of an entire software project or part of a project, including design, implementation, testing, integration (in-house) and documentation
Lead mixed, cross-functional and multi-cultural project teams
Monitor, track and communicate project status
Ability to work with Product Management and Solution Management on refining business requirements and creating technical requirements, test cases, design specifications and development tasks
Develop and test software in accordance with requirements, test cases and design documentation
Guarantee the compliances of the QA rules and guidelines
Document developed software applications and tools
Deliver defined parts of a project, including design, implementation, testing, integration (in-house) and documentation
Maintain and fix bugs
Provide 2 nd and 3 rd level support
Experience in investigating issues in production environments
Maintain an awareness of new technologies and their applicability to improving the framework and business
Provide guidance and best practices to implementation projects

Technical Knowledge 
Object-oriented analysis and design.
Object-oriented programming and component-based development with Java.
Enterprise software development and leadership experience.
Customer service-oriented attitude, top-notch time management, and quality driven designs.
Experience with Spring, Hibernate, JavaScript, Angular JS, HTML, CSS, SQL, XML, JMS, Linux operating systems, relational and document-oriented databases.
Experience with Agile software development methodologies.
At least 7 years of professional software development experience.
Deep understanding of Java Web technologies JSF/JSP, jQuery, AngularJS
UNIX and Windows operating systems development experience
Continuous integration tools e.g. Jenkins, Sonar
Demonstrated ability in designing, implementing and delivering high performance and complex Java EE solutions
In-depth knowledge of EJB/JSF/JPA and development of HTML 5 user interfaces
Knowledge of Oracle or SQL Server database design, programming knowledge (JDBC, SQL) and performance tuning

Customer focus 
Respond to internal customers promptly and competently
Work with Solution and Product Management on Customer Software Solutions
Deliver standard, easy to deploy and configure Customer Software Solutions
Proactively work to develop and maintain good working relationships within the department, company and customers

Your Profile Minimum Qualifications: 
Bachelor's or Master's degree in computer science or related field
At least 7+ years relevant work experience and track record in Software Development
Strong Java (SE, EE) Skills
Enterprise frameworks: EJB, JPA, JMS, Web Services
SQL programming
Understanding of Relational database concepts, architecture and SQL programming
Excellent skills in problem solving and communication
Designed, delivered and managed Java EE projects
Deep knowledge of application integration and UI design
Ability to lead projects and manage projects
Experience in a commercial software development environment
Knowledge in OO-Design and JAVA architectures
Software design and development experience with web-based user interfaces
Good Oracle or SQL Server database design and programming knowledge (JDBC, SQL)
Ability to Travel internationally to clients and local country based offices

Desirable but not Essential: 
Experience in the field of inventory management systems, supply chain or logistics, medical or health care software

MUST HAVE SKILLS:
Knowledge and Experienced in Relational Databases (3+ years) 
Knowledge and Experienced in Java – Spring and Hibernate (3+ years) 
Knowledge and Experienced in RedHat Linux (3+ years) 
Knowledge and Experienced in Data ETL from multiple data sources. (3+ years) 

DESIRED SKILLS:
Experience with Backend Architecture in Java 
Experience writing solutions to clean, transform, and test data. 
Experience with Oracle Databases. 
Knowledgeable in developing metrics and analytics solutions 
Experience developing solutions utilizing AWS 
Knowledgeable about Cloud Foundry or Docker 
Developing REST APIs utilizing Java Spring 
Knowledgeable of Microservices Architecture 
Familiarity with Networking and network protocols. 
Experience using git and Jira 

Qualifications and Skills

A minimum of 5 years work experience in the Web Development Environment using the following technologies is highly desirable.

Java (Spring Boot Framework)

Hibernate

PostgresSQL

Solr

Machine Learning

AWS

Unix

Shell Scripting

You will instantly be a key part of our fast growing team and we will welcome your ideas on how to optimize our solutions based on the latest technologies. Our goal is to make a world class solution and your skills will make that possible.

What you will bring to the table:
At least 5+ years of internet-focused Java JEE, particularly Java 8, development
Understand SOA and OOP/OOD concepts
Understand abstract problems and provide innovative solutions
Work within a Servlet Container
Work with Oracle RDBMS
Demonstrated experience with Spring MVC, Spring Boot microservices, distributed messaging/JMS, MBeans, REST architecture, distributed caching, Git, CSS, AJAX, JavaScript, fluency in at least one Linux-based scripting language

Required Skills:
Bachelors in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent experience 

2+ years of professional, full-time development experience using Java and/or Groovy or similar C based language 

Strong understanding of object oriented programming design patterns 

Experience with git and git based source control systems 

Analytical Thinker - effective at understanding problems and developing one or more approaches to solving the problem 

Applying standards - ability to follow, adopt and recommend and promote development standards 

Communication - possess effective verbal and written communication skills suited for technical audiences, peers and clients 

Helpful But Not Required:
2+ years of professional, full-time experience with querying relational databases, preferably TSQL or PL/SQL 

Knowledge of Windows Server based environments and networks

Knowledge of Court Case Management Systems or Courts 

SCRUM or Agile development methodologies 

Knowledge of interfacing with REST and SOAP APIs 

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
• Perform coding, testing, and maintenance on programs 
• Contribute to design of various sized projects 
• Provide support for systems and applications, with assistance as needed 
• Handle critical problems with assistance 
• Manage small to medium sized projects, from analysis through implementation 
• Maintain appropriate documentation 
• Make suggestions for improving development processes 
• Work with vendors with supervision 
• Pursue formal and informal educational opportunities to expand knowledge and improve skills 
• Assist with, and contribute to, the technical direction of the Java Center of Excellence 
• Continuously build and refine your Java environment 
• Perform other duties and projects as assigned 

Coding/Development (Java ) experience
Amdocs
API
Database experience
Self- starter

Responsibilities
Responsible for the design, development, enhancement and support of all Online Marketing Solutions and software applications.
Implement robust, high volume applications using Java, Oracle and Linux.
Work with stakeholders to gather requirements in order to develop appropriate applications.
Prepare technical and operations documentation.
Responsible for creating re-useable processes that help implement each solution.
Participation in project reviews in order to improve methodology and delivery.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Math.
3+ years of work experience in IT applications development or education equivalent.
3+ years of application programming in: JAVA, Oracle or PL/SQL.
Experience using Spring MVC, Spring, Hibernate, and AngularJS a plus.
Experience with Internet technologies and online advertising is a huge plus.
Exposure to relational database technologies, especially Oracle
Basic UNIX/Linux knowledge/exposure is a plus but not required
Understanding of software development processes and methodology.
Ability to juggle multiple projects simultaneously and manage time efficiently.
Excellent analytic skills.
Deadline focused, detail oriented, well organized and self-motivated.